[DOC]Doc clarifications and additions to url option (#119)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-http_poller: docs/index.asciidoc

Set this value to the name of the field you'd like to store a nested
hash of metadata.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-password"]
===== `password` 

  * Value type is <<password,password>>
  * There is no default value for this setting.

> Password to be used in conjunction with the username for HTTP authentication.

Reviewer: I know you're just reorganizing this bit, but I think we can more clearly link this to the `user` option (instead of generically calling out "the username").

```suggestion
Password to be used in conjunction with <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-user>> for HTTP authentication.
```

  * There is no default value for this setting.

A Hash of urls in this format : `"name" => "url"`.
The name and the url will be passed in the outputted event.

The values in urls can be either:

* a string url (which will be issued as an HTTP GET).
* a sub-hash containing many useful keys provided by the Manticore backend:
** url: the String url
** method: (optional) the HTTP method to use (defaults to GET)
** user: (optional) the HTTP Basic Auth user. The user must be under 
   an auth sub-hash for Manticore, but this plugin also accepts it either way.
** password: (optional) the HTTP Basic Auth password. The password 
   must be under an auth sub-hash for Manticore, but this plugin accepts it either way.
** headers: a hash containing key-value pairs of headers.
** body: a string (supported only on POST and PUT requests)
** possibly other options mentioned in the 
   https://www.rubydoc.info/github/cheald/manticore/Manticore/Client#http-instance_method[Manticore docs].
   Note that Manticore options that are not explicitly documented above are not
   thoroughly tested and therefore liable to break in unexpected ways if we
   replace the backend.

*Notes:*

> * Passwords specified in this way are prone to exposure in plugin log output. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Passwords specified as a part of `urls` are prone to exposure in plugin log output. 
```

The plugin does not declare them as passwords, and therefore doesn't wrap them in
leak-reducing wrappers as we do elsewhere.

> * We don't guarantee that boolean-type options like follow_redirects are supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We don't guarantee that boolean-type options like Manticore's `follow_redirects` are supported
```

correctly. The strings `true` or `false` may get passed through, and in ruby any
string is "truthy."
* Our implementation of this plugin precludes the ability to specify auth[:eager]
as anything other than true

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-user"]
===== `user` 

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * There is no default value for this setting.

Username to use with HTTP authentication for ALL requests. Note that you can also set this per-URL.

> If you set this you must also set the `password` option.

Reviewer: Similarly, I think we can improve this bit by linking this to the `password` option (especially since this change makes the two options no longer live together).

```suggestion
If you set this you must also set the <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-password>> option.
```

  * There is no default value for this setting.

A Hash of urls in this format : `"name" => "url"`.
The name and the url will be passed in the outputted event.

The values in urls can be either:

* a string url (which will be issued as an HTTP GET).
* a sub-hash containing many useful keys provided by the Manticore backend:
** url: the String url
** method: (optional) the HTTP method to use (defaults to GET)
** user: (optional) the HTTP Basic Auth user
** password: (optional) the HTTP Basic Auth password. The password 
must be under an auth sub-hash for Manticore, but this plugin accepts it either way.
** headers: a hash containing key-value pairs of headers. The header must be under 

> an auth sub-hash for Manticore, but this plugin accepts it either way.

Reviewer: It looks like I goofed with a copy/paste in my initial notes.

```suggestion
** user: (optional) the HTTP Basic Auth user. The user must be under 
   an auth sub-hash for Manticore, but this plugin also accepts it either way.
** password: (optional) the HTTP Basic Auth password. The password 
   must be under an auth sub-hash for Manticore, but this plugin accepts it either way.
** headers: a hash containing key-value pairs of headers.
```

** body: a string (supported only on POST and PUT requests)
** possibly other options mentioned in the 
(https://www.rubydoc.info/github/cheald/manticore/Manticore/Client#http-instance_method)[Manticore docs].
Note that these options are not thoroughly tested and therefore liable to

> break in unexpected ways if we replace the backend.

Reviewer: I think indentation matters here to keep the text a part of the ASCIIdoc bullet.

I also reworded it a bit to _try_ to indicate that we'll continue to support the arguments that we document above, and that folks are really only on their own if they pass _other_ manticore options.

```suggestion
** possibly other options mentioned in the 
   (https://www.rubydoc.info/github/cheald/manticore/Manticore/Client#http-instance_method)[Manticore docs].
   Note that Manticore options that are not explicitly documented above are not
   thoroughly tested and therefore liable to break in unexpected ways if we
   replace the backend.
```

Author: FYI, asciidoc renders the same with and without the formatting change. There's no return before the note starts, so the note is appended to the bullet item.
